Update README to clarify redirectUri peculiarity (#336)
Adyen/adyen-react-native: README.md

import { useCallback } from 'react';

  const onSubmit = useCallback( (data, nativeComponent ) => {

>     /* Call your server to make the `/payments` request, make sure you pass redirectUrl:data.redirectUrl to make 3DS redirect flow work cross platform */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /* Call your server to make the `/payments` request, make sure you pass `returnUrl:data.returnUrl` to make redirect flow work cross platform */
```
